Here are 80 statements to train a corporate travel chatbot to recognize when someone is selecting multi-city flight options for a new booking:
I need to book flights from New York to Chicago with connections.
Can you help me find flights that fly through Miami?
What's the cheapest way to get to Los Angeles with multiple stops?
How do I book a round-trip ticket with layovers?
Is there a flight from San Francisco to Dallas with just one stop?
Can you suggest flights that have layovers in Houston?
I need help booking flights for a trip to Seattle with connections.
What are the options for flying from Boston to New Orleans with multiple stops?
How do I book a multi-destination flight?
Can you show me flights from Los Angeles to San Diego with layovers?
Is there a way to book flights that only have one stop?
Can you help me find cheaper flights that fly through Denver?
What's the best way to get to Washington D.C. with multiple connections?
How do I book flights for a business trip that requires multiple stops?
Can you suggest flights from Chicago to Atlanta with layovers?
Is there a flight from Dallas to New York with just one stop?
Can you help me find the cheapest option for flying from Boston to Miami?
What are the options for booking flights with connections in Dallas?
How do I book a multi-city flight that includes multiple stops?
Can you show me flights from Los Angeles to Chicago with layovers?
Is there a way to book flights that only have one connection?
Can you help me find cheaper flights that fly through Seattle?
What's the best way to get to San Francisco with multiple connections?
How do I book a flight for a trip to Houston with layovers?
Can you suggest flights from New York to Los Angeles with connections.
Is there a flight from Dallas to Denver with just one stop?
Can you help me find the cheapest option for flying from Chicago to Boston
What are the options for booking flights with connections in San Francisco?
How do I book a multi-destination flight that includes multiple stops?
Can you show me flights from Atlanta to New York with layovers?
Is there a way to book flights that only have one stop?
Can you help me find cheaper flights that fly through Chicago.
What's the best way to get to Washington D.C. with connections
How do I book flights for a business trip that requires multiple stops in Los Angeles.
Can you suggest flights from Boston to Miami with layovers
Is there a flight from Dallas to Seattle with just one stop?
Can you help me find the cheapest option for flying from New York to Chicago.
What are the options for booking flights with connections in Denver
How do I book a multi-city flight that includes multiple stops and layovers.
Can you show me flights from Los Angeles to San Diego with one stop
Is there a way to book flights that only have one connection.
Can you help me find cheaper flights that fly through Atlanta
What's the best way to get to New York with multiple connections
How do I book flights for a business trip that requires multiple stops in Chicago.
Can you suggest flights from Dallas to Los Angeles with layovers
Is there a flight from San Francisco to Denver with just one stop?
Can you help me find the cheapest option for flying from Boston to Washington D.C.
What are the options for booking flights with connections in Seattle
How do I book a multi-destination flight that includes multiple stops and layovers.
Can you show me flights from Atlanta to New York with one stop
Is there a way to book flights that only have one stop
Can you help me find cheaper flights that fly through Boston
What's the best way to get to Los Angeles with connections
How do I book flights for a business trip that requires multiple stops in Miami.
Can you suggest flights from Chicago to New York with layovers
Is there a flight from Dallas to Seattle with just one stop?
Can you help me find the cheapest option for flying from Atlanta to Boston
What are the options for booking flights with connections in Los Angeles
How do I book a multi-city flight that includes multiple stops and layovers.
Can you show me flights from Chicago to San Francisco with one stop
Is there a way to book flights that only have one connection
Can you help me find cheaper flights that fly through Washington D.C
What's the best way to get to San Francisco with multiple connections
How do I book flights for a business trip that requires multiple stops in New York.
Can you suggest flights from Boston to Chicago with layovers
Is there a flight from Dallas to Los Angeles with just one stop?
Can you help me find the cheapest option for flying from Miami to Atlanta
What are the options for booking flights with connections in Denver
How do I book a multi-destination flight that includes multiple stops and layovers.
Can you show me flights from Los Angeles to San Diego with one stop
Is there a way to book flights that only have one stop
Can you help me find cheaper flights that fly through New York
What's the best way to get to Chicago with multiple connections
How do I book flights for a business trip that requires multiple stops in Dallas.
Can you suggest flights from Atlanta to Miami with layovers
Is there a flight from Seattle to Denver with just one stop?
Can you help me find the cheapest option for flying from New York to Los Angeles
What are the options for booking flights with connections in Boston
How do I book a multi-city flight that includes multiple stops and layovers.
Can you show me flights from Chicago to Atlanta with one stop