I'll provide 80 statements to train a corporate travel chatbot to recognize when someone is selecting multi-city flight options for a new booking.
I'm planning a trip from New York to London with connections.
Can you book flights for me from JFK to LHR with layovers?
What are your best deals on flights from EWR to AMS with one stop?
Booking a trip from Chicago to Paris with multiple stops.
Can I get quotes for flights from SFO to CDG with two legs?
What's the total cost of flying from DFW to BKK with layovers?
Need help booking flights from MIA to NRT with one stop.
How much will it cost to fly from SEA to HKG with multiple connections?
Can you book a trip for me from LAX to BEJ with stops in China?
What's the cheapest way to get from ORD to PEK with layovers?
Booking flights from IAD to KUL with one stop.
Can I get quotes for flights from BOS to SIN with multiple legs?
Need help finding flights from DTW to DME with two stops.
What's the total cost of flying from JFK to IST with layovers?
Can you book a trip for me from SLC to HND with stops in Japan?
How much will it cost to fly from PHL to BOM with multiple connections?
Booking flights from EWR to BKK with one stop.
What's the cheapest way to get from LGA to CPH with layovers?
Can I get quotes for flights from DFW to DEL with two legs?
Need help finding flights from FLL to PEK with multiple stops.
Booking a trip from SFO to ICN with stops in Korea.
What's the total cost of flying from MIA to VIE with layovers?
Can you book a trip for me from BOS to HKG with one stop?
How much will it cost to fly from ORD to TEL Aviv with multiple connections?
Booking flights from JFK to BOM with one stop.
What's the cheapest way to get from LAX to VIE with layovers?
Can I get quotes for flights from SEA to NRT with two legs?
Need help finding flights from FCO to KUL with multiple stops.
Booking a trip from EWR to HKG with stops in Asia.
What's the total cost of flying from DFW to BKK with layovers?
Can you book a trip for me from MIA to PEK with one stop?
How much will it cost to fly from LGA to KUL with multiple connections?
Booking flights from JFK to CDG with one stop.
What's the cheapest way to get from SLC to HND with layovers?
Can I get quotes for flights from BOS to ICN with two legs?
Need help finding flights from DFW to TEL Aviv with multiple stops.
Booking a trip from EWR to SYD with stops in Australia.
What's the total cost of flying from JFK to HKG with layovers?
Can you book a trip for me from SEA to BKK with one stop?
How much will it cost to fly from PHL to ICN with multiple connections?
Booking flights from LAX to NRT with one stop.
What's the cheapest way to get from ORD to CPH with layovers?
Can I get quotes for flights from MIA to HKG with two legs?
Need help finding flights from JFK to KUL with multiple stops.
Booking a trip from SLC to PEK with stops in China.
What's the total cost of flying from DFW to SYD with layovers?
Can you book a trip for me from EWR to BKK with one stop?
How much will it cost to fly from LGA to ICN with multiple connections?
Booking flights from JFK to SIN with one stop.
What's the cheapest way to get from ORD to TEL Aviv with layovers?
Can I get quotes for flights from BOS to KUL with two legs?
Need help finding flights from LAX to PEK with multiple stops.
Booking a trip from SEA to ICN with stops in Korea.
What's the total cost of flying from JFK to HKG with layovers?
Can you book a trip for me from MIA to BKK with one stop?
How much will it cost to fly from PHL to NRT with multiple connections?
Booking flights from EWR to CPH with one stop.
What's the cheapest way to get from SLC to HKG with layovers?
Can I get quotes for flights from DFW to ICN with two legs?
Need help finding flights from JFK to SYD with multiple stops.
Booking a trip from LAX to HND with stops in Japan.
What's the total cost of flying from MIA to BOM with layovers?
Can you book a trip for me from EWR to PEK with one stop?
How much will it cost to fly from PHL to ICN with multiple connections?
Booking flights from JFK to SIN with one stop.
What's the cheapest way to get from ORD to BKK with layovers?
Can I get quotes for flights from DFW to TEL Aviv with two legs?
Need help finding flights from LAX to ICN with multiple stops.
Booking a trip from SEA to KUL with stops in Malaysia.
What's the total cost of flying from JFK to HKG with layovers?
Can you book a trip for me from MIA to CPH with one stop?
How much will it cost to fly from LGA to BKK with multiple connections?
Booking flights from EWR to NRT with one stop.
What's the cheapest way to get from SLC to PEK with layovers?
Can I get quotes for flights from SEA to ICN with two legs?
Need help finding flights from JFK to HND with multiple stops.
Booking a trip from PHL to SYD with stops in Australia.
What's the total cost of flying from DFW to SIN with layovers?
Can you book a trip for me from LAX to BKK with one stop?
How much will it cost to fly from ORD to ICN with multiple connections?