Can you make sure my flight lands early?
I need a room with an extra bed.
Is it possible to upgrade me to first class?
Do you have any special deals for business travelers?
Can you arrange for a limousine pickup and drop off?
My friend is traveling with me, can you book two rooms together?
I'd like to request a quiet room on the top floor.
Is it possible to get a suite with a separate living area?
Do you have any special discounts for frequent flyers?
Can you arrange for a meeting room at the airport?
My family is coming, can you book three rooms together?
I need a wheelchair accessible room on the ground floor.
Is it possible to get a room with a view of the city skyline?
Do you have any special deals for groups of ten or more?
Can you arrange for a private chef's table dinner?
My partner has a gluten intolerance, can you book a gluten-free meal?
I'd like to request a room near the airport.
Is it possible to get a room with a separate shower and bathtub?
Do you have any special discounts for students?
Can you arrange for a tour of the city at 9am sharp?
My child is traveling with me, can you book two rooms together with an extra bed?
I need a non-smoking room on the ground floor.
Is it possible to get a room with a king size bed?
Do you have any special deals for military personnel?
Can you arrange for a private car service pickup and drop off?
My friend is celebrating her birthday, can you book a special room arrangement?
I'd like to request a room with an accessible bathroom.
Is it possible to get a room with two beds and a separate living area?
Do you have any special discounts for seniors?
Can you arrange for a meeting at the conference center on Friday morning?
My family is coming, can you book three rooms together with an extra bed?
I need a room with a view of the ocean.
Is it possible to get a room with a separate kitchenette?
Do you have any special deals for honeymoons?
Can you arrange for a private dinner at the hotel restaurant?
My partner has a food allergy, can you book a meal that is safe for them?
I'd like to request a room on the second floor.
Is it possible to get a room with a king size bed and an ocean view?
Do you have any special discounts for corporate events?
Can you arrange for a private meeting room at the airport?
My child is traveling with me, can you book two rooms together with an extra bed and a crib?
I need a non-smoking room on the top floor.
Is it possible to get a room with a separate living area and a kitchenette?
Do you have any special deals for adventure seekers?
Can you arrange for a private car service pickup and drop off, and also book me an extra seat on the plane?
My friend is celebrating her anniversary, can you book a special room arrangement?
I'd like to request a room with an accessible bathroom.
Is it possible to get a room with two beds and a separate living area, and also book me a late check out time?
Do you have any special discounts for families with young children?
Can you arrange for a private meeting at the conference center on Wednesday morning?
My family is coming, can you book three rooms together with an extra bed and a crib?
I need a room with a view of the mountains.
Is it possible to get a room with a separate kitchenette and a living area?
Do you have any special deals for outdoor enthusiasts?
Can you arrange for a private car service pickup and drop off, and also book me an extra seat on the plane, and also book me a late check out time?
My partner has a medical condition, can you book a room with easy access to medical facilities?
I'd like to request a room on the ground floor.
Is it possible to get a room with two beds and an ocean view?
Do you have any special discounts for solo travelers?
Can you arrange for a private meeting at the conference center on Friday morning, and also book me a late check out time?
My child is traveling with me, can you book two rooms together with an extra bed and a crib, and also book me an extra seat on the plane?
I need a non-smoking room on the top floor.
Is it possible to get a room with a king size bed and an accessible bathroom?
Do you have any special deals for luxury travelers?
Can you arrange for a private car service pickup and drop off, and also book me an extra seat on the plane, and also book me a late check out time, and also book me a room upgrade?
My friend is celebrating her birthday, can you book a special room arrangement, and also book me an extra seat on the plane, and also book me a late check out time?
I'd like to request a room with a separate living area.
Is it possible to get a room with two beds and a kitchenette?
Do you have any special discounts for corporate events and meetings?
Can you arrange for a private meeting at the conference center on Wednesday morning, and also book me an extra seat on the plane, and also book me a late check out time?
My family is coming, can you book three rooms together with an extra bed, a crib, and a separate living area?
I need a room with a view of the city skyline.
Is it possible to get a room with a king size bed and an ocean view?
Do you have any special deals for honeymooners?
Can you arrange for a private car service pickup and drop off, and also book me an extra seat on the plane, and also book me a late check out time, and also book me a room upgrade, and also book me a special dinner at the hotel restaurant?
My partner has a gluten intolerance, can you book a meal that is safe for them, and also arrange for a private car service pickup and drop off?
I'd like to request a room on the ground floor.
Is it possible to get a room with two beds and an accessible bathroom?
Do you have any special discounts for seniors and young families?
Can you arrange for a private meeting at the conference center on Friday morning, and also book me an extra seat on the plane, and also book me a late check out time?