Here are 80 statements to train a corporate travel chatbot:
My flight is delayed again, I need help booking a new one.
Hey, I'm trying to find a flight for next week.
Can you please book me on a different flight?
I've got a business meeting in Chicago and my current flight is sold out.
My old flight has been cancelled due to weather, can you help?
I need a new flight to LA because the one I have is overbooked.
Can you check availability for flights tomorrow morning?
My airline just informed me they lost my bag and I'm not flying today.
Book me on an alternative flight from New York to Miami.
I've got a job interview in San Francisco, can you help with that?
Flight status says delayed again, can I get rebooked?
My connecting flight is at 8am and I need transportation now.
Can you find me a same-day flight from Austin to Dallas?
What are my options if my current flight gets cancelled tomorrow?
Help me book a last-minute trip to Denver for the weekend.
I've got a conference in Seattle, can you book a new flight for me?
The airline called and said they made an error on my ticket price.
My original flight is being rescheduled due to airport maintenance.
Can you rebook me on a different time tomorrow morning?
Flight status says there's been a delay but no estimated time of arrival yet.
I'm trying to book a same-day flight from Dallas to Chicago.
What if my current flight gets cancelled, what are my options?
Book me on an early morning flight to Los Angeles for tomorrow.
Can you help me find a cheaper alternative flight?
My flight is departing in 2 hours and I just found out it's delayed.
I've got a meeting in Boston, can you book a new flight?
The airline informed me that my seat has been changed, can I get moved?
Can you help me with rebooking due to severe weather.
I'm trying to find a last-minute same-day flight from Atlanta to Miami.
What if the flight I have gets cancelled before we take off?
My original flight is being rescheduled because of mechanical issues.
Book me on an alternative flight from New York to Chicago today.
Can you rebook my flight due to a medical emergency?
Flight status says there's been a change in the departure time, what does it mean?
I've got a job interview in Denver and need to get there ASAP.
My connecting flight is delayed and I'm worried about making my connection.
Can you help me find an affordable same-day flight from New York to Chicago.
The airline informed me that the airport is closed due to weather, can I get rebooked?
Book me on a different time today for my existing flight.
What if my current flight gets cancelled and I don't have insurance?
Can you help me find an alternative same-day flight from Los Angeles to Dallas.
My original flight is being rescheduled due to inclement weather.
Flight status says the airline has made a mistake on my ticket price, can I get a refund?
Book me on an early morning flight tomorrow for my meeting in New York.
Can you rebook me due to family emergency and need to go ASAP?
The airline informed me that there's been a change in the departure time, what are my options?
I'm trying to find a last-minute same-day flight from Chicago to Denver.
What if the flight I have gets cancelled and I don't have travel insurance?
My original flight is being rescheduled due to airport maintenance issues.
Can you rebook me on an alternative time today for my existing flight.
Flight status says there's been a change in the arrival time, what does it mean?
Book me on an early morning flight from Austin to Dallas tomorrow.
I've got a conference in Seattle and need to get there ASAP.
Can you help me find an affordable same-day flight from Miami to Los Angeles.
The airline informed me that the ticket price has been increased, can I get a refund?
My connecting flight is delayed and I'm worried about making my connection, what are my options?
Book me on a different time today for my meeting in Chicago.
Can you rebook due to severe weather warning in my area?
What if the flight I have gets cancelled before we take off, can I get compensation?
My original flight is being rescheduled due to mechanical issues with the plane.
Flight status says there's been a change in the departure time, what are my options?
Book me on an alternative time tomorrow for my existing flight.
Can you rebook me due to family emergency and need to travel ASAP?
The airline informed me that they lost my luggage, can I get it back before my next flight?
I'm trying to find a last-minute same-day flight from New York to Los Angeles.
What if the flight I have gets cancelled, what are my options for rebooking?
My connecting flight is at 8am and I need transportation now, can you help?
Book me on an early morning flight tomorrow for my job interview in San Francisco.
Can you rebook due to medical emergency and need to travel ASAP?
The airline informed me that they made a mistake on my ticket price, can I get a refund?
Flight status says there's been a change in the arrival time, what does it mean?
Book me on an alternative flight from Dallas to Los Angeles today.
Can you rebook due to inclement weather warning in my area?
What if the flight I have gets cancelled and I don't have travel insurance, can I get compensation?
My original flight is being rescheduled due to airport maintenance issues.
Book me on an early morning flight tomorrow for my conference in Boston.
Can you rebook me due to family emergency and need to go ASAP?
The airline informed me that they lost my luggage, can I get it back before my next flight?
Flight status says there's been a change in the departure time, what are my options?
Book me on an alternative time today for my meeting in Chicago.