Here are 80 statements to train a corporate travel chatbot:

Hi again, I need to make changes to my flight.
Can you recall our previous conversation about this trip?
Remind me of what we discussed earlier today.
Sorry to bother you again, but can you help me with this issue?
I had a question about the itinerary from last week.
Do you remember talking about canceling my hotel reservation yesterday?
Can you walk me through our previous conversation on flight cancellations?
Hi, it's about that trip we booked in February.
Can you go over what was discussed regarding the travel dates again?
I'm having trouble with my flight itinerary, can you help me?
Do you have any notes from our conversation earlier today about this issue?
I need to make some changes to my travel plans, can you assist me?
Can you remind me of what we agreed upon regarding the hotel cost?
Hi again, I'd like to start over with my booking.
Do you recall discussing a different route for my trip last week?
Can you reiterate our previous conversation about this issue's resolution?
I'm trying to remember how much was spent on meals during my last business trip.
Sorry to ask again, but can you help me with the travel expenses?
Do you have any records from our previous conversations about my flights?
Can you explain what options are available for flight changes today?
Hi, I'd like to cancel my hotel reservation, can you assist me?
Do you remember talking about the conference schedule last week?
Can you confirm whether we discussed a different meeting time earlier?
I'm trying to recall how many nights I booked at that particular hotel.
Can you help me figure out which flight is right for my needs again?
Sorry, can you just remind me of what was discussed about this topic yesterday?
Do you have any data on past business trips with similar requirements?
Hi, I need to make a change to my travel dates, but I'm not sure if it's possible.
Can you show me what options are available for booking flights again?
I'd like to inquire about a specific hotel room that was booked previously.
Do you have any information on how long the check-in process typically takes at this airport?
Hi, can you explain the different types of travel insurance policies available again?
Can you recall our previous conversation regarding flight cancellations due to weather conditions?
I'd like to start over with a new booking and ask for your assistance.
Do you have any insight into what may be causing my travel issues today?
Hi, can you review my travel itinerary and make any necessary changes?
Can you explain how to book flights again since I'm having trouble finding the right option?
Sorry to ask again, but can you help me with the logistics of my trip?
Do you have any data on past business trips that involved similar destinations and dates?
Hi, can you provide an update on the status of my flight changes today?
I'm trying to remember what was discussed regarding the conference schedule last week.
Can you walk me through how to book flights again since I'm having trouble finding the right option?
Sorry to bother you again, but can you help me with this issue?
Do you have any information on how to cancel a flight booking?
Hi, I'd like to inquire about my travel insurance options again.
Can you show me what options are available for booking flights in different regions?
I'm having trouble finding the right option for my trip, can you help me?
Do you have any insight into how long the airport security lines tend to be today?
Hi, can you review my travel itinerary and make any necessary changes since it changed last week.
Can you recall our previous conversation regarding flights from that particular city?
I need to change my flight for a different date, can you assist me with the process?
Do you have any data on past business trips with similar requirements in terms of transportation and accommodations?
Hi again, can you help me figure out what went wrong with my previous booking attempt?
Can you explain how to book flights again since I'm having trouble finding the right option?
Sorry to ask again, but can you assist me with this issue regarding my flight changes today?
Do you have any information on the different types of travel insurance policies available for business trips?
Hi, can you review my travel itinerary and make any necessary adjustments since it changed last week.
Can you show me what options are available for booking flights again in a different region?
I'm trying to recall how many nights I booked at that particular hotel again.
Do you have any insight into why there's been an issue with my flight changes today?
Hi, can you explain the process of canceling a flight booking and what options are available for rebooking?
Can you walk me through the different types of travel insurance policies and their benefits?
Sorry to ask again, but can you help me figure out how much was spent on transportation during my last business trip?
Do you have any data on past business trips with similar requirements in terms of accommodations and dining options?
Hi, I'd like to start over with a new booking since it's no longer working.
Can you show me what options are available for booking flights again since I'm having trouble finding the right option?
I need to make changes to my travel dates, but I'm not sure if it's possible due to unforeseen circumstances.
Do you have any information on how long the airport security lines tend to be during peak hours today?
Hi, can you review my travel itinerary and make any necessary adjustments since it changed last week again?
Can you explain how to book flights again since I'm having trouble finding the right option due to language barriers.
Sorry to ask again, but can you help me figure out what went wrong with my previous booking attempt regarding flight cancellations.
Do you have any data on past business trips that involved similar requirements in terms of transportation and accommodations?
Hi, I'd like to start over with a new itinerary since it's no longer working due to unforeseen circumstances.
Can you walk me through how to book flights again since I'm having trouble finding the right option.
Sorry to bother you again, but can you assist me with this issue regarding my flight changes today?
Do you have any information on how long it takes to get a refund for canceled flights?
Hi, can you explain the process of rebooking flights due to unforeseen circumstances?
Can you show me what options are available for booking flights again in different regions.
I'm trying to recall how many nights I booked at that particular hotel again due to language barriers.
Do you have any insight into why there's been an issue with my flight changes today regarding payment processing?