I need a room with a better view.
Can you make sure there's only one person per bed?
We want to upgrade our room for free.
Is it possible to change my flight dates?
Make sure we get the most expensive car available.
I'll take a suite if you can arrange that.
Can you book a room with extra space for our team?
Will you add extra pillows and towels to our booking?
We'd like to request a quiet room on a higher floor.
Is it possible to have breakfast served in our room?
Do you have any special deals for long-term bookings?
I'll take the biggest room available if that's what you have.
Can you book us a car with a certain make and model?
We need a room that can accommodate our equipment.
Will you add an extra bed to our booking?
Can you arrange for a late check-out?
I'd like to request a specific type of mattress.
Is there a room available with a hot tub?
We want to book two rooms and share one bathroom.
Can you make sure our flight is the first one in the morning?
Will you add extra chairs and tables to our meeting room?
I'll take a room on the same floor as the restaurant.
Do you have any special requests for a honeymoon room?
We need a car with a certain type of fuel.
Can you book us a table by the window at the restaurant?
Is there a room available with a private balcony?
I'll take a room with two beds and two bathrooms.
Will you arrange for a personal concierge service?
We want to request a certain type of cuisine for our meal.
Can you book us a car with a GPS system?
Is it possible to have a baby sitting service arranged?
I'll take a room with a separate living area.
Do you have any special deals for military personnel?
We need a room that can accommodate a wheel chair.
Will you add extra towels and amenities to our booking?
Can you arrange for a surprise birthday party in the hotel?
I'll take a room with a view of the city skyline.
Do you have any special requests for a business meeting room?
We want to request a certain type of coffee or tea in our room.
Is it possible to have a picnic set up in our room?
Can you book us a car with a specific type of license plate holder.
I'll take a room with two pools and a private beach.
Do you have any special deals for students?
We need a room that can accommodate a pet.
Will you arrange for a personal shopping service?
I'll take a room with an extra closet space.
Can you make sure our flight is the last one in the day?
Is there a room available with a private hot tub?
We want to request a certain type of artwork in our hotel lobby.
Do you have any special requests for a wedding reception?
I'll take a room with an extra kitchenette.
Can you book us a car with a specific type of sound system.
Is it possible to have a private concert arranged at the hotel?
We need a room that can accommodate a musical instrument.
Will you add extra electrical outlets to our meeting room?
I'll take a room with an extra bathroom.
Do you have any special deals for seniors?
We want to request a certain type of laundry service in our room.
Can you book us a car with a specific type of GPS system.
Is there a room available with a private gym?
I'll take a room with an extra storage space.
Do you have any special requests for a corporate event?
We need a room that can accommodate a projector and screen.
Will you arrange for a personal assistant service?
I'll take a room with an extra workspace area.
Can you make sure our flight is the first one in the morning on a weekday.
Is there a room available with a private sauna?
We want to request a certain type of lighting in our hotel lobby.
Do you have any special deals for non-profit organizations?
I'll take a room with an extra mirror space.
Can you book us a car with a specific type of child safety seat.
Is it possible to have a private yoga session arranged at the hotel?
We need a room that can accommodate a wheelchair ramp.
Will you add extra towels and amenities to our meeting room.
I'll take a room with an extra closet space for my luggage.
Do you have any special requests for a birthday party in the hotel lobby?
We want to request a certain type of security service at the hotel.
Can you book us a car with a specific type of child booster seat.
Is there a room available with a private reading area?
I'll take a room with an extra workspace area for my team.