I'm so tired of waiting for my flight to be delayed again.
I have a meeting on Friday but I just received an email that the conference has been cancelled.
The flight I booked last week was cancelled due to bad weather and now I need a new one.
Can you please help me find a direct flight from New York to Los Angeles?
I'm trying to get home for my sister's birthday but my original flight got rescheduled.
Can you book a flight for tomorrow if possible?
I've been searching online for hours, can't you just book it for me?
Do you have any cheaper flights available today?
My layover in Chicago is going to be an hour long and that's too short.
Can you help me find the cheapest flights from San Francisco to Seattle?
The airline I flew with last week was terrible so I'm looking for a different one.
I don't want to pay extra for checked bags, can you book me on a budget flight?
Do you have any business class tickets available today?
My original flight got delayed again and now my whole schedule is messed up.
Can you please tell me if there are any layovers when flying from NYC to LA?
The hotel I'm staying at has cancelled my reservation so I need a new flight too.
I just found out that my sister's birthday party is tomorrow and I really need to be home by then.
Do you have any international flights available today?
Can you book me on a short-haul flight if possible?
I've been trying to find a flight for three days now, can't you just help me already?
Is there a way to get a refund if the flight gets cancelled again?
My flight was overbooked and I need to be rebooked ASAP.
Can you please assist me with finding a last-minute flight tonight?
Do you have any deals on flights from Chicago to Miami today?
I'm trying to plan a trip for next week but the flight schedule is all messed up.
The airline I booked with last time was terrible so I'm looking for an alternative.
Can you help me find a direct flight from Boston to New York City?
My friend's flight got delayed and now our whole group's schedule is off track.
Do you have any flights available today that go through Toronto?
I just found out that my work conference has been postponed but I need to fly tomorrow.
The airline I booked with last week cancelled my flight and now I'm stuck here.
Can you please book me on a non-stop flight from Denver to San Francisco?