I'm so over this flight I need to book a new one ASAP.
My flight got cancelled due to bad weather, can you help?
I just realized I left my passport at home, is that okay?
Can you look up flights from New York to Los Angeles for tomorrow?
I'm having trouble getting in touch with the airline, what do I do?
My connection was cut off during boarding and now I'm stranded.
I have a meeting in Chicago but the flight is delayed, what's next?
Can you find me a last-minute flight from San Francisco to Seattle?
The weather forecast says there will be thunderstorms tonight, should I stay home?
Do you think it would be better for me to fly into Detroit instead of Montreal?
My luggage got lost during the flight last week, can I get compensation?
Can you look up flights from Miami to Boston with a layover in NYC?
I just remembered I have an appointment on the other side of town that I totally forgot about.
Can you help me find a direct flight from Denver to Dallas this weekend?
My friend is going through a bad time and needs some emotional support, can we make it a group booking?
The airline said they can't accommodate my request for extra legroom, what should I do now?
I need to book a same-day return ticket for an unexpected visit.
Can you find me a non-stop flight from Dallas to Los Angeles?
I just found out that my coworker is in town unexpectedly and needs me to pick them up.
My flight was delayed by 5 hours, is that reasonable?
Do you think it would be better for me to take the train instead of flying to Toronto?
Can you help me book a flight from Atlanta to New Orleans with a connecting flight in DC?
I'm running late for my meeting because the traffic is terrible and I don't know how to get there.
The airline said they lost my luggage, can I track it down?
Can you find me an early morning flight from Boston to San Francisco?
My family is coming into town unexpectedly and needs help booking accommodations too.
Do you think I should book a hotel room with separate bedrooms for my sister and brother?
I have an exam in New York City but I'm currently in Chicago, what's the best way to get there?
Can you look up flights from Vancouver to Seattle with a stopover in Portland?
My partner needs me to pick them up at the airport, can we book a car service too?
Do you think it would be better for me to fly into Minneapolis instead of Milwaukee?
I just found out that my team is going on a company retreat and I need to book flights for everyone.
Can you help me find an affordable flight from Dallas to Los Angeles with no frills airline.
My luggage got lost during the flight last month, can I get reimbursement?
Do you think it's reasonable for me to expect extra compensation for missing my connecting flight?
Can you look up flights from Denver to Las Vegas with multiple layovers?
I just realized I have a birthday party tonight and need to book an impromptu return ticket.
The airline said they are going on strike, what should I do now?
Can you help me find a last-minute flight from Los Angeles to Chicago?
Do you think it's better for me to fly into Minneapolis instead of St. Paul airport?
My friend is having a baby and needs us to pick them up from the hospital.
Can you look up flights from Boston to New York City with a connecting flight in Baltimore?
I have an unexpected meeting in Denver that I need to attend, can you book my travel for me?
The airline said they lost my checked luggage, what do I do now?
Do you think it's reasonable for me to expect compensation for the inconvenience of missing my flight?
Can you help me find a direct flight from Dallas to Los Angeles this weekend?
I just found out that my team is going on a last-minute business trip and needs help booking flights.
The airline said they are having a maintenance issue, what should I do now?
Do you think it would be better for me to fly into Minneapolis instead of the Twin Cities airport?
Can you look up flights from Seattle to San Francisco with a stopover in Portland?
I have an exam in New York City but I'm currently in Chicago, can we book flights together.
My partner needs me to pick them up at the airport, what's the best way to go about it?
Do you think it's reasonable for me to expect extra compensation for missing my connecting flight?
Can you help me find a last-minute flight from Los Angeles to San Francisco?
The airline said they are going on sale soon, can we book flights in advance?
I just realized I have an appointment on the other side of town that I totally forgot about.
Do you think it's better for me to fly into St. Louis instead of Kansas City airport?
Can you look up flights from Boston to New York City with multiple layovers?
My friend is having a bad day and needs some emotional support, can we make it a group booking?
The airline said they lost my passport, what do I do now?
Do you think it would be better for me to fly into Minneapolis instead of Detroit airport?
Can you help me find an affordable flight from Los Angeles to Chicago with no frills airline.
My partner needs me to pick them up at the airport, can we book a car service too?
I just found out that my team is going on a company retreat and I need to book flights for everyone.
Do you think it's reasonable for me to expect extra compensation for missing my connecting flight?
Can you look up flights from Seattle to Los Angeles with multiple layovers?