Here are 80 statements to train a corporate travel chatbot:
I have another meeting to attend in Chicago next week.
My ticket is going to expire soon, can you help me book a new one?
I need to get to New York for a conference this month.
Can you tell me if there are any flights from LA to Tokyo tomorrow?
I'm running late and my flight has been delayed again.
What's the cheapest way to get from London to Paris?
Can you book a new seat on my existing flight?
My frequent flyer miles won't work for this route, can I pay extra?
I'm traveling with my family and need more seats on our flight.
I have an unexpected work trip in Austin next month.
Can you check if there are any last-minute deals on flights to Dallas?
I want to change my return date from Friday to Monday for my flight back home.
Can you help me find the best airport to fly into near my destination?
My original travel plans got cancelled due to weather, can I book a new trip?
What's the earliest flight available from Seattle to New York?
Can you give me an estimate of how much it will cost for my flight?
Do you have any error fares on flights from Miami to Paris this month?
My original flight was supposed to be non-stop, but now I'll have a layover.
Can you book a hotel room near the airport for my stay over?
What's the best day of the week to fly from LA to Tokyo?
Do you have any business class seats available on this route?
Can you help me find flights that can accommodate my pet?
I need to make sure I get a seat with more legroom on my flight.
Can you tell me if there are any restrictions on carry-on luggage for this airline?
Do you have any deals on flights from New York to Chicago for the weekend?
Can you help me find flights that can accommodate my business meetings?
My original travel dates got changed due to a conference, can I book a new trip?
What's the cheapest flight available from Sydney to Melbourne?
Do you have any options on how to make up for lost time due to flight delays?
Can you help me find flights that offer more amenities like free meals and Wi-Fi?
My family members are traveling with us, can you give us group rates?
Can you book a new seat near the exit in case I need medical assistance?
Do you have any error fares on flights from Tokyo to Los Angeles next month?
What's the best airport for my destination city in terms of convenience?
Can you help me find the cheapest time to fly to Europe?
Do you have any direct flights available from Boston to London?
My original flight was booked under a different name, can I book a new one?
Can you give me an estimate of how long my flight will take?
What's the best airline for business class on this route?
Do you have any options for upgrading to first class?
Can you help me find flights that offer free checked bags?
My frequent flyer miles won't work for this airline, can I pay extra points?
Can you book a hotel room near the airport with shuttle service?
What's the cheapest flight available from New York to Tokyo for my trip?
Do you have any business class seats available on this route during peak season?
Can you help me find flights that offer more in-flight entertainment options?
My original travel dates got changed due to a hurricane, can I book a new trip?
What's the best time of day for flying from LA to Chicago?
Do you have any error fares on flights from Paris to Miami next month?
Can you book a seat with more legroom on my existing flight?
My family members are traveling with us, can you give us special discounts?
Can you help me find the cheapest option for getting to and from the airport?
Do you have any flights available from New York to Los Angeles with layovers?
Can you book a new seat near the window on my flight?
What's the cheapest way to get from London to New York after I arrive?
My original travel plans got cancelled due to personal reasons, can I book a new trip?
Do you have any direct flights available from Chicago to Dallas?
Can you give me an estimate of how long my flight will take and what time it lands?
What's the best airline for business class on this route during peak season?
Can you help me find flights that offer more amenities like free meals and snacks?
My frequent flyer miles won't work for this airline, can I pay extra points or miles?
Can you book a hotel room near the airport with shuttle service to my destination?
What's the cheapest flight available from New York to Chicago for my weekend getaway?
Do you have any error fares on flights from Los Angeles to Tokyo next month?
Can you help me find flights that offer more in-flight entertainment options like movies and TV shows?
My family members are traveling with us, can you give us special discounts or packages?
Can you book a seat with more legroom on my existing flight for extra comfort?
Do you have any direct flights available from Boston to New York?
What's the best time of day for flying from LA to Chicago during rush hour?
Can you help me find flights that offer free Wi-Fi and power outlets?
My original travel plans got changed due to a conference, can I book a new trip with more seats?
Do you have any options on how to make up for lost time due to flight delays or cancellations?
Can you give me an estimate of how much it will cost for my business class ticket?
What's the cheapest flight available from New York to Los Angeles this month?
Do you have any direct flights available from Chicago to Dallas during peak season?
Can you book a new seat near the window on my existing flight?
My frequent flyer miles won't work for this airline, can I pay extra points or miles to upgrade?
What's the best airline for business class on this route with more amenities?
Can you help me find flights that offer more in-flight entertainment options like games and apps?
Do you have any error fares on flights from Sydney to Los Angeles next month?