Can you reiterate what we were discussing?
I think we're getting off track, can we start over?
Sorry, did I miss something earlier?
Let's begin again from the beginning.
I'm not sure I understand your question, could you clarify?
Can you summarize our conversation so far?
It seems like we've deviated from the topic, shall we revisit?
Would it be possible to start fresh?
Did I make a mistake, can we go back to that part?
Let's restart from step 3.
Could you rephrase your question for me?
Can you repeat back what you just said?
I'm having trouble keeping up, let's begin again.
How does this relate to our previous discussion?
Can we start over with a new topic?
Sorry, I think I lost track, can you help me get back on track?
Let's start fresh and explore other options.
Is there anything you'd like to change or correct about what we've discussed so far?
Would you like to revisit that point later?
Can you help me understand the context better?
I'm not sure if I'm going in the right direction, can you steer me back on track?
Is there anything new you'd like to add or modify?
Let's go back to the beginning and reassess our options.
Sorry, I think I got it wrong, can we redo that part?
Would you like to rephrase your question for clarity?
Can we take a step back and review what we've discussed so far?
It seems like we're missing some context, shall we refresh ourselves?
Let's begin with something new.
Sorry, I think I misunderstood, can you explain again?
How does this fit into our current project plan?
Can we revisit that section later?
Is there anything specific you'd like to change or improve?
Would you like me to rephrase what I said earlier?
It seems like we're getting stuck on a particular point, let's move forward.
Sorry, I think I got it backwards, can we start again?
Can we take a new approach?
Let's look at this from a different perspective.
Is there anything you'd like to revise or correct in our current plan?
Would you like me to rephrase what I just said?
How does that relate to our previous discussion on travel arrangements?
Can we start fresh with a new itinerary?
Sorry, did I get it wrong, can we go back and try again?
It seems like we've lost some context, shall we refresh our memory?
Is there anything you'd like to add or remove from our current plan?
Would you like me to rephrase that part of the message for clarity?
Can we take a step back and review what's been discussed so far on travel arrangements?
Sorry, I think I need clarification, can you explain again?
How does this impact our current project timeline?
Can we revisit that point later with new information?
Would you like me to rephrase or revise any part of the message?
It seems like we're stuck on a particular point, shall we try something else?
Sorry, I think I made a mistake, can we start again from scratch?
Can we take a new approach to solving this problem?
Is there anything specific you'd like me to focus on?
Would you like me to rephrase what I just said for clarity?
How does that relate to our current business plan?
Can we review and revise the itinerary together?
It seems like we're missing some key information, shall we refresh ourselves?
Is there anything new you'd like to add or modify in our current plan?
Sorry, I think I got it wrong, can we redo that part of the conversation?
Can we take a step back and review what's been discussed so far on travel options?
Would you like me to rephrase or revise any part of the message for clarity?
It seems like we're getting stuck on a particular point, shall we move forward?
Is there anything specific you'd like me to focus on?
Can we start fresh with a new set of options?
Sorry, did I make a mistake, can we go back and try again?
How does this fit into our current budget plan?
Would you like me to rephrase what I just said for clarity?
It seems like we're missing some context, shall we refresh ourselves with more information?
Can we take a new approach to solving this problem?
Is there anything you'd like to revise or correct in our current plan?
Sorry, I think I need clarification, can you explain again?
How does that relate to our previous discussion on travel arrangements for the team?
Would you like me to rephrase what I just said for clarity?
Can we review and revise the itinerary together as a team?
It seems like we're stuck on a particular point, shall we try something else?
Is there anything new you'd like to add or modify in our current budget plan?
Sorry, did I get it wrong, can we go back and try again?
How does this impact our current project schedule?
Can we start fresh with a new set of options and explore other alternatives?