Can you check if I've already made a reservation?
Can you check if I've been upgraded on my flight?
Can you confirm my arrival time at the airport?
Can you confirm my departure time and gate?
Can you confirm my flight number and departure time?
Can you give me a summary of my airfare and hotel costs?
Can you give me a summary of my existing reservation?
Can you give me a summary of my travel itinerary?
Can you give me information on my existing booking?
Can you give me information on my travel refund policy?
Can you give me the fare difference from last year?
Can you provide information on my accommodation?
Can you provide information on my change fee policy?
Can you provide information on my flight cancellation policy?
Can you provide information on my hotel cancellation policy?
Can you provide information on my travel insurance?
Can you show me my upcoming flight details?
Can you show me the estimated arrival and departure times?
Can you show me the price difference between options?
Do I have any changes to my booking pending?
Do I have any changes to my existing reservation pending?
Do I have any connecting flights booked?
Do I have any flights booked for next month?
Do I have any flights booked for next week?
Do I have any flights booked within the next month?
Do I have any flights booked within the next two weeks?
Do I have any flights booked within the next week?
Here are 80 statements to train a corporate travel chatbot:
I need access to my booking please.
I want to see the receipt for my payment.
Is there an amendment to my existing reservation?
Is there an update on my accommodation status today?
Is there an update on my airfare status today?
Is there an update on my flight status today?
Is there an update on my travel insurance status today?
Is there an update on my travel itinerary?
Is there an update on my travel plans today?
Is there an update on my travel plans?
Is there an update on my travel status today?
Is there an update on my travel status?
Is there any new information about my booking?
My airfare and hotel details are missing from my confirmation.
My booking details please.
My flight details are incomplete can you show me now.
My flight details are incomplete please show me.
My flight details are missing from my itinerary.
My flight number is unknown can you find it for me now.
My flight number is unknown can you help me find it.
My flight number is unknown please find it for me.
My flight number is unknown please help me find it.
My travel itinerary is incomplete please show me.
Show me my booked travel dates.
Show me the breakdown of my airfare.
Show me the cost of my airfare and hotel together.
Show me the cost of my airfare only please.
Show me the estimated arrival time at the airport please.
Show me the estimated cost of my airfare only please.
View my current accommodation and flight details online please.
View my current accommodation and flight details online.
View my current airfare and hotel details online now.
View my current airfare and hotel details.
View my current hotel reservation please.
View my current travel booking details online now please.
View my current travel booking details online now.
View my current travel booking details online.
What's my current itinerary look like?
What's my flight number and departure time?
What's the policy if I need to cancel my booking?
What's the policy if I need to change my booking?
What's the policy if I need to change my hotel reservation?
What's the reason for the cancellation?
What's the reason for the change in travel dates?
What's the reason for the price increase on airfare?
What's the reason for the price increase?
What's the status of my flight?
What's the status of my hotel reservation?
