Here are 80 statements to train a corporate travel chatbot:
I need to make some changes to my car hire booking.
Hi, can you update the car details for my upcoming trip?
Need help altering existing car hire reservation.
Can you assist with modifying an existing car rental booking?
I'd like to change the vehicle type in my booking.
I made a mistake - can I cancel and rebook a new car?
How do I update the car hire details in my existing booking?
My original flight has been changed, need help with new car hire.
Can you edit my car hire reservation for next week?
Help me change the pick-up location for my rental car.
Want to swap out the car I'm booked on for a different one.
How can I modify an existing booking without having to cancel?
My flight has been changed, update the car hire accordingly.
Can you assist with changing the driver details in my booking?
Is it possible to upgrade/downgrade my car hire reservation?
Need help updating car hire details for my trip next month.
Can I change the start date of my rental car?
How do I modify an existing car hire reservation without a refund?
Want to add an extra day to my car hire booking.
Hi, can you assist with making changes to my car hire?
My flight has been changed, need help updating car hire details.
Can I change the pick-up location for my car hire booking?
Want to swap out one of the cars in a multi-car booking.
Is it possible to add an additional driver to my existing booking?
Need help changing the vehicle type in my upcoming trip.
Hi, can you update my car hire details for my business trip?
Can I modify an existing car hire reservation over the phone?
Want to change the drop-off location for my rental car.
How do I cancel and rebook a new car hire booking?
Is it possible to get a refund on my existing car hire reservation?
My flight has been changed, need help updating car hire details again.
Can I upgrade/downgrade my car hire reservation without penalty?
Want to add an extra passenger to my existing booking.
Hi, can you assist with making changes to my personal rental car?
Need help changing the start date of my car hire booking.
Is it possible to get a cancellation voucher for my existing booking?
Can I modify an existing car hire reservation by email?
Want to swap out one of the cars in a business trip package.
How do I update my car hire details without having to cancel?
My flight has been changed, need help updating car hire again.
Can I change the driver name on my existing booking?
Want to add an extra day to my car hire reservation.
Hi, can you assist with making changes to my car hire package?
Need help changing the vehicle type in a group booking.
Is it possible to get a refund for an unused portion of my car hire?
Can I modify an existing car hire reservation by phone agent?
Want to change the pick-up location again.
How do I cancel and rebook a new car hire booking without penalty?
My flight has been changed, need help updating car hire details for next week.
Can I upgrade/downgrade my car hire package without penalty?
Hi, can you assist with making changes to my business travel plans?
Need help changing the start date of a multi-car booking.
Is it possible to get an early cancellation voucher for my existing booking?
Want to swap out one of the cars in a corporate account booking.
How do I update my car hire details without having to wait on hold?
My flight has been changed, need help updating car hire again for next week.
Can I add an extra passenger to my existing booking by phone agent?
Want to change the drop-off location again.
Hi, can you assist with making changes to my personal travel plans?
Need help changing the vehicle type in a single-occupant booking.
Is it possible to get a cancellation voucher for an unused portion of my car hire?
Can I modify an existing car hire reservation by email agent?
Want to add an extra day to my car hire reservation again.
How do I cancel and rebook a new car hire booking without penalty again?
My flight has been changed, need help updating car hire details for next month.
Can I upgrade/downgrade my car hire package by phone agent?
Hi, can you assist with making changes to my business travel plans?
Need help changing the start date of a group booking.
Is it possible to get an early cancellation voucher for my existing booking again?
Want to swap out one of the cars in a leisure account booking.
How do I update my car hire details without having to wait on hold again?
My flight has been changed, need help updating car hire details for next week again.
Can I add an extra passenger to my existing booking by phone agent again?
Want to change the pick-up location again.
Hi, can you assist with making changes to my personal travel plans again.
Need help changing the vehicle type in a single-occupant booking again.
Is it possible to get a cancellation voucher for an unused portion of my car hire again?
Can I modify an existing car hire reservation by email agent again?
Want to add an extra day to my car hire reservation again.
How do I cancel and rebook a new car hire booking without penalty again?