I can't find my confirmation number for this flight.
Can you help me with a booking issue?
I just got to the airport and my flight is delayed.
The hotel room I booked has no internet.
I need assistance with a cancelled trip.
This is my second mistake on this trip.
My flight was supposed to be earlier but it's now later than mine.
I have a meeting in 10 minutes.
Can you confirm my hotel reservation?
My original flight was changed without my permission.
The person at the desk won't help me.
I'm trying to book a hotel room for tomorrow night.
My luggage is missing from my flight.
This issue with my rental car is causing a lot of stress.
I have a business meeting and need transportation.
Can you look up a different airline for me?
The hotel rates on your website are wrong.
I just found out I was overcharged on my recent trip.
I have a very important phone call in an hour.
My flight is boarding 10 minutes early, can you help me?
I'm experiencing some issues with the Wi-Fi at my hotel.
Can you book a last-minute hotel room for me tonight?
I've been waiting for over an hour for my luggage to arrive.
This issue with my rental car is costing me a lot of money.
I have a conference call in 15 minutes.
Can you look up train schedules for me?
My flight was cancelled and I need help finding another one.
The staff at the hotel won't assist me.
I'm trying to book a flight for someone else.
This issue with my itinerary is causing a headache.
I just got a call from my airline saying they are cancelling my flight.
Can you book a room at a different hotel?
My rental car is not starting and I need help.
I have a business trip coming up in two weeks.
I'm trying to make changes to an existing booking.
This issue with my accommodation is really frustrating.
Can you look up directions for me?
The airline will charge me more if I change my flight now.
I just got a new credit card and it's not showing up on my itinerary.
My hotel room is too hot/cold to be comfortable.
Can you look up prices for flights from my city?
I have a last-minute change of plans and need assistance.
This issue with my airline is causing me a lot of trouble.
I just got to the airport and my flight was delayed again.
The person at the desk is not helping me.
Can you book a room at a hotel that has more amenities?
I'm trying to find a place to eat near my meeting location.
My rental car insurance doesn't cover my current situation.
This issue with my accommodation is causing a lot of stress.