Any chance of become a refund for my flight today?
Any chance of contract a refund for my flight today?
Any chance of getting a refund for my flight now?
Any luck of getting a refund for my flight today?
ass you assist me in booking a new flight ASAP?
behind you assist me in booking a new flight ASAP?
bottom you assist me in booking a new flight ASAP?
john you assist me in booking a new flight ASAP?
Can you assistance me in rebooking an urgent same-day flight today?
lavatory you assist me in rebooking an urgent same-day flight today?
pot you assist me in rebooking an urgent same-day flight today?
tooshie you assist me in rebooking an urgent same-day flight today?
Can you Bible me on a late-night flight today?
keister you book me on a late-night flight today?
posterior you book me on a late-night flight today?
rear you book me on a late-night flight today?
Can you book me on a morn flight tomorrow?
fire you book me on a morning flight tomorrow?
lavatory you book me on a morning flight tomorrow?
stool you book me on a morning flight tomorrow?
Can you book me on a new flight with more frequent trajectory?
Can you book me on a new flight with more patronize flights?
backside you book me on a new flight with more frequent flights?
privy you book me on a new flight with more frequent flights?
Can you record me on a same-day connection?
pot you book me on a same-day connection?
tail you book me on a same-day connection?
throne you book me on a same-day connection?
Can you book me on an alternative flight to catch me home.
Can you book me on an alternative flight to stimulate me home.
Can you book me on an alternative flying to get me home.
can you book me on an alternative flight to get me home.
Can you book me on an alternative path that is more convenient.
commode you book me on an alternative route that is more convenient.
tail you book me on an alternative route that is more convenient.
tush you book me on an alternative route that is more convenient.
Can you Scripture me on an alternative route that offers more frequent flights?
buttocks you book me on an alternative route that offers more frequent flights?
canful you book me on an alternative route that offers more frequent flights?
crapper you book me on an alternative route that offers more frequent flights?
Can you book me on an alternative route to avert weather conditions.
Can you book me on an alternative route to avoid conditions conditions.
Can you book me on an alternative route to obviate weather conditions.
behind you book me on an alternative route to avoid weather conditions.
backside you book me on an early morning flight today?
derriere you book me on an early morning flight today?
dismiss you book me on an early morning flight today?
privy you book me on an early morning flight today?
Can you help me Bible a new one?
Can you serve me book a new one?
bathroom you help me book a new one?
crapper you help me book a new one?
Can you bid me alternatives for an early flight today?
Can you offer me alternatives for an early flight nowadays?
Can you proffer me alternatives for an early flight today?
potty you offer me alternatives for an early flight today?
Do you have any availability for an overnight delay?
Do you have any availableness for an overnight stay?
behave you have any availability for an overnight stay?
make you have any availability for an overnight stay?
coif you have availability for a late-night same-day trip tomorrow?
dress you have availability for a late-night same-day trip tomorrow?
serve you have availability for a late-night same-day trip tomorrow?
suffice you have availability for a late-night same-day trip tomorrow?
answer you have availability for a short-notice overnight trip tomorrow?
behave you have availability for a short-notice overnight trip tomorrow?
perform you have availability for a short-notice overnight trip tomorrow?
suffice you have availability for a short-notice overnight trip tomorrow?
Do you have accessibility for an urgent same-day trip tomorrow?
cause you have availability for an urgent same-day trip tomorrow?
coiffe you have availability for an urgent same-day trip tomorrow?
set you have availability for an urgent same-day trip tomorrow?
Do you have availability for last-minute same-day travelling tomorrow?
Do you have availableness for last-minute same-day travel tomorrow?
behave you have availability for last-minute same-day travel tomorrow?
practise you have availability for last-minute same-day travel tomorrow?
Do you have availability for same-day locomotion tomorrow?
brawl you have availability for same-day travel tomorrow?
make you have availability for same-day travel tomorrow?
set you have availability for same-day travel tomorrow?
Flight booking needs quick attention today.
Flight booking needs straightaway attention today.
Flight hold needs immediate attention today.
Flight reservation needs immediate attention today.
Flight change - will New options be offered?
Flight change - will new option be offered?
Flight exchange - will new options be offered?
Flight switch - will new options be offered?
Flight commute notification - will new options be offered?
Flight shift notification - will new options be offered?
Flight switch notification - will new options be offered?
Flight transfer notification - will new options be offered?
Flight change notification delight - new itinerary details.
Flight change notification please - Modern itinerary details.
Flight change notification please - freshly itinerary details.
Flight change notification please - new route details.
Flight transfer without my consent.
fledge changed without my consent.
flight changed without my consent.
flying changed without my consent.
Flight delays are bankrupt my day.
Flight delays are ruining my Day.
Flight delays are smash my day.
flying delays are ruining my day.
Flight departure is check again.
Flight passing is delayed again.
fledge departure is delayed again.
trajectory departure is delayed again.
Flight schedule change notice please, now.
Flight schedule deepen notification please, now.
Flight schedule variety notification please, now.
Flight schedule vary notification please, now.
Flight schedule change apprisal please.
Flight schedule change telling please.
Flight schedule commute notification please.
escape schedule change notification please.
Flight agenda update please now.
Flight docket update please now.
flying schedule update please now.
trajectory schedule update please now.
Flight condition update now, please - I need to know what's going on with my original booking.
Flight status update now, please - I demand to know what's going on with my original booking.
Flight status update now, please - I need to hump what's going on with my original booking.
Flight status update now, please - I need to know what's function on with my original booking.
Flight position update now, please.
escape status update now, please.
flight status update now, please.
flying status update now, please.
Flight status update delight.
escape status update please.
fledge status update please.
trajectory status update please.
Help! I'm amaze in transit.
Help! I'm bond in transit.
Help! I'm cohere in transit.
assistant! I'm stuck in transit.
Here are 80 affirmation to train a corporate travel chatbot:
Here are 80 statement to train a corporate travel chatbot:
Here are 80 statements to educate a corporate travel chatbot:
Here are lxxx statements to train a corporate travel chatbot:
How do I charge a complaint about delayed flights?
How do I file a complaint about check flights?
How do I file a complaint about stay flights?
How do I register a complaint about delayed flights?
How do 1 get a refund for my cancelled flight?
How do I get a refund for my cancelled trajectory?
How do I make a refund for my cancelled flight?
How do iodin get a refund for my cancelled flight?
How do I baffle help booking a new domestic flight?
How do I get help booking a fresh domestic flight?
How do I get help booking a newfangled domestic flight?
How do I sire help booking a new domestic flight?
How do I arrive in touch with airline customer service?
How do I get in refer with airline customer service?
How do I get in rival with airline customer service?
How do I sire in touch with airline customer service?
How do I account a cancelled flight to the airline?
How do I composition a cancelled flight to the airline?
How do I paper a cancelled flight to the airline?
How do i report a cancelled flight to the airline?
How do I describe a lost passport to the travel agency?
How do I report a confounded passport to the travel agency?
How do I report a lost passport to the traveling agency?
How do unity report a lost passport to the travel agency?
How do I account a problem with my airline reservation?
How do I cover a problem with my airline reservation?
How do I report a problem with my airline booking?
How do iodine report a problem with my airline reservation?
How do I paper a problem with my original booking?
How do I theme a problem with my original booking?
How do iodin report a problem with my original booking?
How do single report a problem with my original booking?
How do I petition assistance with a last-minute cancellation?
How do I postulation assistance with a last-minute cancellation?
How do I request aid with a last-minute cancellation?
How do I request help with a last-minute cancellation?
How do I request cancellation of original fledge booking today?
How do I request cancellation of original trajectory booking today?
How do I request cancellation of pilot flight booking today?
How do ane request cancellation of original flight booking today?
How do I quest cancellation of original flight booking?
How do I request cancellation of archetype flight booking?
How do I request cancellation of original flying booking?
How do ace request cancellation of original flight booking?
I have another engagement I need to advert to.
I have another engagement I require to attend to.
I have another engagement single need to attend to.
I have another interlocking I need to attend to.
I need to Quran a flight for tomorrow morning.
I need to Word a flight for tomorrow morning.
I need to hold a flight for tomorrow morning.
I need to playscript a flight for tomorrow morning.
I need to get backwards home ASAP.
I need to get second home ASAP.
I need to stupefy back home ASAP.
I postulate to get back home ASAP.
I'm draw late for an important meeting.
I'm incline late for an important meeting.
I'm running late for an important match.
I'm running previous for an important meeting.
I'm beat here and can't leave.
I'm stuck here and can't depart.
I'm stuck here and can't entrust.
I'm stuck here and can't farewell.
Is it too late to cancel my master flight booking?
Is it too late to invalidate my original flight booking?
Is it too previous to cancel my original flight booking?
Is it too tardy to cancel my original flight booking?
Is there any chance of acquiring compensation for my delayed flight?
Is there any chance of incur compensation for my delayed flight?
Is there any chance of sire compensation for my delayed flight?
Is there any happen of getting compensation for my delayed flight?
It's been a cataclysm with my recent flights.
It's been a disaster with my recent escape.
It's been a disaster with my recent flight.
It's been a disaster with my recent flying.
Last infinitesimal changes to my itinerary.
Last minute alter to my itinerary.
Last minute alteration to my itinerary.
Last minute changes to my route.
My associate flight has been cancelled - what's next?
My connecting flight has been offset - what's next?
My connecting flight has been scrub - what's next?
My tie flight has been cancelled - what's next?
My connecting flight has been cancelled due to weather circumstance.
My connecting flight has been cancelled due to weather stipulate.
My connecting flight has been cancelled due to weather train.
My connecting trajectory has been cancelled due to weather conditions.
My associate flight has been cancelled too.
My connecting escape has been cancelled too.
My connecting trajectory has been cancelled too.
My unite flight has been cancelled too.
My flight is delay again.
My flight is retard again.
My flight is stay again.
My flying is delayed again.
My flight was rebooked by err.
My flight was rebooked by fault.
My flying was rebooked by mistake.
My trajectory was rebooked by mistake.
My itinerary has been disrupted due to flight alteration.
My itinerary has been disrupted due to flight modify.
My itinerary has been disrupted due to flight switch.
My itinerary has been disrupted due to flight transfer.
My original booking was cancelled due to brave.
My original booking was cancelled due to upwind.
My original booking was scratch due to weather.
My pilot booking was cancelled due to weather.
My travel date were incorrect and now I'm stuck.
My travel dates were incorrect and now I'm bewilder.
My travel dates were incorrect and now I'm stay.
My trip dates were incorrect and now I'm stuck.
My travel plans were disrupted due to scratch flights.
My travel plans were interrupt due to cancelled flights.
My travel programme were disrupted due to cancelled flights.
My travel project were disrupted due to cancelled flights.
Need assistance with rebooking same go dates.
Need assistance with rebooking same locomotion dates.
Need assistance with rebooking same travel date.
Need assistance with rebooking same travel escort.
Need immediate assistance with flight alteration.
Need immediate assistance with flight transfer.
need immediate assistance with flight change.
pauperization immediate assistance with flight change.
Time is of the center to rebook an urgent flight today.
Time is of the essence to rebook an urgent flight now.
Time is of the essence to rebook an urgent flying today.
Time is of the essence to rebook an urgent trajectory today.
Time is of the center with this new trip - can you assist me ASAP?
Time is of the marrow with this new trip - can you assist me ASAP?
Time is of the nitty-gritty with this new trip - can you assist me ASAP?
Time is of the nub with this new trip - can you assist me ASAP?
Time is of the essence, service!
clock is of the essence, help!
meter is of the essence, help!
sentence is of the essence, help!
Travel agency can't aid with my flight changes - where else can I go?
Travel agency can't help with my flight changes - where else can iodin go?
Travel delegacy can't help with my flight changes - where else can I go?
traveling agency can't help with my flight changes - where else can I go?
Travel agency faculty can't assist with my flight issues.
Travel agency stave can't assist with my flight issues.
Travel way staff can't assist with my flight issues.
locomote agency staff can't assist with my flight issues.
Travel agency staff can't assist with my situation.
Travel delegacy staff can't help with my situation.
locomotion agency staff can't help with my situation.
move agency staff can't help with my situation.
Travel insurance arrogate please help with.
Travel insurance claim please assistance with.
Travel insurance claim please service with.
trip insurance claim please help with.
Travel event and now my flights are not working.
Travel issues and now my flights are not process.
Travel issues and now my flights are not sour.
Travel payoff and now my flights are not working.
Travel plans have changed and iodine need assistance.
Travel plans have switch and I need assistance.
Travel programme have changed and I need assistance.
travel plans have changed and I need assistance.
Travel design have changed suddenly and I need your assistance.
Travel plans have changed suddenly and I ask your assistance.
Travel plans have changed suddenly and I want your assistance.
traveling plans have changed suddenly and I need your assistance.
Travel fuss and no support from airline staff.
Travel troubles and no livelihood from airline staff.
Travel worry and no support from airline staff.
go troubles and no support from airline staff.
Urgent help demand to rebook my original flight today.
Urgent help required to rebook my original flight now.
Urgent help take to rebook my original flight today.
Urgent supporter required to rebook my original flight today.
Urgent need for a last-minute flight alteration today.
Urgent need for a last-minute flight change nowadays.
Urgent need for a last-minute flight convert today.
pressing need for a last-minute flight change today.
Urgent motive for last-minute travel assistance - please help.
Urgent need for last-minute traveling assistance - please help.
Urgent pauperization for last-minute travel assistance - please help.
pressing need for last-minute travel assistance - please help.
What if my locomotion dates were incorrect?
What if my travel engagement were incorrect?
What if my travel escort were incorrect?
What if my trip dates were incorrect?
